d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.dll.config
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Core.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Dtos.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Core.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Logging.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Core.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Entities.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Infrastructure.Data.Core.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\AutoMapper.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Core.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Dtos.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Core.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Logging.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Core.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Entities.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Infrastructure.Data.Core.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\AutoMapper.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.dll.config
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Dtos.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Logging.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Entities.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Infrastructure.Data.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Services.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Unity.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Core.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Dtos.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Core.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Infrastructure.Data.Core.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Services.Core.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Unity.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Services.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Application.Services\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Core.pdb
