d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Caliburn.Micro.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Dtos.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Core.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Logging.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Unity.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\AutoMapper.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Core.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Entities.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Dtos.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Core.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Logging.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Unity.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Caliburn.Micro.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\AutoMapper.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Core.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Entities.pdb
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.dll
d:\stephane.andre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\CodeContracts\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.noReferenceAssembly
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Caliburn.Micro.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Dtos.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Logging.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Unity.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Entities.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Application.Dtos.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Unity.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Caliburn.Micro.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Core.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Domain.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.rewritten
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.dll
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\obj\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core.pdb
C:\Users\E0214719\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CoachManager\My.CoachManager.Presentation.Core\bin\Debug - Merial\My.CoachManager.CrossCutting.Core.pdb
